You were told to use the library databases but aren't really sure where to start? The following are the most popular databases for business students at Rasmussen University. EBSCO Business Source Complete - Business Databases This searches the majority of our library databases at one time. Search for the name of the person you're looking for. Click on the A to Z Databases list in the word cloud. search for Select all business databases. This will reduce the databases to just our business databases. The best bets are the ones we think are most likely to win. bba and cbs And underneath that, again, organized alphabetically, we have a list of all of our other business databases. The best bets databases are the ones that have the most accurate odds. EBSCOhost and OCLC What are the names of the two databases? Both contain fantastic article content. Business Source Complete gives you access to Fortune, Forbes, Bloomberg Business Week, Journal of Business Ethics, and Harvard Business Review content. Business via ProQuest provides the Wall Street Journal, the New York Times, and the Economist, Keywords and phrases that describe your topics succinctly. Use terms that are related to the topic you're researching. We can see that we have over 25,000 articles on the topic of corporate social responsibility. scholarly peer reviewed journal articles How do you know if you have a good date? Select the type of content you want to read. You can also try using a different browser. The Mergent Online database is a database that allows you to search for people, places, and events. Mergent Online is a fantastic database used often for finding information about public companies. Click on the company's name to open their website. What is the first screen that opens? The financials are often the first thing a student will learn about. You can choose selected years as well anywhere from three years to all available years. This is a great place to start if you want to know more about the history of the city. You can also use the Animal Reports tab to find things like annual reports and 10 case. This is a good place to start if you are looking for other filings. Let's move from Mergent Online to another database. This database is called first research and it provides industry information. It is an essential tool for almost all business students. industry Clicking on a location in the list below will bring up the city and state where the business is located. This is a good example of the non-alcoholic beverage industry. Let's select soft drink manufacturing. The profile overview appears for the soft drink manufacturing industry. This full profile includes quarterly industry updates, industry forecasts, challenges and trends, and key financial information. Browse through the following business databases. Use the A to Z database list. You can access database tutorials in the database help page on the School of Business Guide. Visit the Business Library's website at http//www.business.lib.utah.edu/business/.