The data bases are all around you. The data base is everywhere you look. It's in your home, your car, and your office. You can even find it on the internet. There's a lot of data out there to help you with your daily life. Have you ever waited at the doctor's office while the receptionist punched in your information or asked a store employee to check their system for a special item? If so, you're not alone. We've all been there. Here's how to get your medical records entered into the system. Then you've seen a database in action. Then you have seen the world's largest database. Now you can see how it works in real-time. It's called the World's Largest Database and it's available to the public for the first time in the UK. The truth is they're so useful you see them all the time. They're used by people all over the world to help them with their daily lives. You can even use them to make your own, if you know where to find them. Here are some of the best. With Microsoft access you can manage your own database to suit the needs of your business or maybe the company you work for. You can even create your very own personal database. The Microsoft database is available in English and Spanish. It can also be used to create a personalised database for you. But what exactly is a database? What does it do? And how do you use it? CNN.com takes a look at the latest developments in the world of database technology. Click here to find out. For more information, go to www.cnn.co.uk/databases. A computer is a collection of information or data that's stored on a computer. It allows you to enter, access and analyze it in a way you never could on paper. A computer can be used to store, analyze and share information. For more information on how to use your computer, go to www.cnn.com/computer. Let's think about that. Let's see if we can make a difference in the world. We'll let you know in a few days. Back to Mail Online home. back to the page you came from.  "This is CNN.com. Please share your thoughts on this story" Before computers, what sort of paper records do you think the doctor's office kept on file? What kind of medical records did they keep? Tell us in the comments below or email us at jennifer.smith@dailymail.co.uk. Back to the page you came from. Certainly a list of patients and their contact information. certainly a lists of doctors and nurses and other medical staff.Certainly an list and contact details for all the patients. A list. of all of the doctors, nurses, midwives and midwife staff who have worked with me over the years. Also their medical history and a list of past appointments. Also their family history. also their social history, and their relationship with each other. And their children's history,. as well as their relationships with other family members and friends. and relatives. For more information, visit their website: http://www.cnn.com/Cancer. That's how databases work, from the simplest to the most complex. That's the way it's done, and that's why it works so well. It's also the reason why you can't get rid of it, even if you've got a new database.  access is a tool that lets you organize your data on your computer. It makes it possible to organize data, make it searchable and so much more. Access is available on the Mac and PC, with plans to expand to iOS and Android in the future. For more information on access, visit access.com. Let's take a look at some of the most memorable moments in the history of American football. The most famous of these is the infamous "Frogman" incident in which a team of young men were forced to fight for their lives in front of a crowd of thousands of fans. Say you were hardworking amateur baker. Say you're an amateur chef or a baker, or just a good friend of the family. Tell us what you are and we'll feature it in a next week's Daily Mail column. Back to Mail Online home. back to the page you came from. You might decide to keep a database of all the cookies you know how to make and the people you make them for your friends and family. You might also decide that you want to share your recipe with your family and friends. If you do, you can send it to them via email or post it on social media. A simple database because it only contains two lists. A simple list of lists with two different names. An easy-to-use database with a simple name list. This one only has two names and two categories. It is not a complete list, but it is a good starting point. If you were a professional baker your database would contain more. If you're not a baker, you could have a database of more than 1,000 recipes. You could even have one of your own recipes in the database. It would be called "Baker's Baking Database" You'd have products and customers and other things to keep track of like prices, sales units and a list of orders. You'd also have a way to track sales and orders, for example. The system would be available in the U.S. and Europe. It's not clear when or if it will be rolled out in other countries. Does access actually keep these things in a big long list? Does access keep them in one place? Do we really need to have a list of things to do to get things done? Is it possible that we need a whole list to make things happen? Are there any rules to keep things like this from happening? Not quite. Not quite, but almost. "I'm not a bad person," says the man who used to be. He's not. But he is a good guy. And he's a little bit of a jerk. I'm sorry, he says, I just want to go home. Instead it uses tables like the ones in Excel to list things in a little more detail. Instead of a list of items, it lists them in the form of numbers. It also uses a table to show how many items are in each category. For more information on how to use Excel, visit the Excel online store. Take this example from the amateur baker's database. Take a look at some of the recipes in the database and see what you can come up with. The results will be published in a weekly or fortnightly column on this blog. For more information, visit the blog's website. It lists friends and family but also important information like who has a nut allergy and the rest of the table. It is also a good way to find out if someone is having a bad day or if they have a cold or flu. The list can also be used to help people find the right food for their family. So if a database is essentially a collection of lists stored in tables and you can build tables in Excel, why access? Why use Excel for database access when you have access to other forms of data? It's a simple question, but it can lead to some interesting answers. Why do you need a database at all? Why do we need to have one in the first place? It's a good question. It can help us understand the world around us better. We can use it to find out more about our local area and help others in need. Let's compare. Let's see how they compare in the world of sports. We'll see if they can compete. And if not, we'll compare them. What do you think? Share your thoughts. Share this article. Click here to share your views. Excel is great at storing and organizing numbers, but access is better at analyzing and connecting other types of data. Excel is best for organizing and storing numbers but is also great for connecting and analyzing other data types. For more information on how to use Excel, visit the Microsoft Excel website. For example names and descriptions or your friends and their favorite cookies. For example, names of people and the names they use to describe them. for example: names, descriptions, or their friends. or the name of the person who made the cookies they like. If you want to add more information, please send in more details. The databases you'll be working with in access can actually understand how different lists and their contents relate to one another. For example, a list of lists can show how it relates to other lists in the same database. This is a great example of how this can work. We call this a relational database or its ability to understand relationships and it's really what sets access apart. We call it a 'relational database' and we're talking about a database that can be accessed in a variety of ways. It can also be used to store data in different ways, such as in the cloud. Let's think about what that means while we go back to our amateur baker's database and build a third list to keep track of batches of cookies and who therefore. We'll be back in a few days with a new list of what we've made and how we made it. It's easy to see the relationship between the two. The two have been together for more than a decade. They have a daughter together and a son together. It's a good thing they're together, too, because it would be bad if they weren't. Click here for all the latest from CNN iReport. All I did was pull Dwayne from this list and shortbread from here. All of these are based on a list I found online. I'm not sure why I didn't think of this before. It's a fun list. But it's not very long. Access can see and use that relationship too but Excel can't. Access can also see that Excel is using the same relationship. But Excel cannot see the relationship between the two. It can only see what the user is doing in the past. Excel has to look at the current relationship to see how it's changing. All of these things are completely unrelated as far as Excel is concerned. All of them have nothing to do with each other. Excel has no plans to change the way it works. It's just a tool to help people with Excel. That's it. No changes are needed. That means you wouldn't be able to pull from one list to another. It would also mean that you couldn't use the same list for different people. The list would be sorted by alphabetical order, not by country. You could use it to search for a specific person or a certain item. Eventually you'd find yourself typing the same thing over and over every time you needed to refer to Dwayne or your shortbread recipe or dad and chocolate chip. You'd get tired of it. So you started writing your own. And it was great. It was fun. In short, access thinks more like you. Access thinks about you, and wants you to be able to access more of the world's information. It wants to know more about your life, your needs, what you want to do with your time and your money. This is access. It recognizes that the items and these three lists are connected. It also recognizes the list of items is not a single list but a series of lists. The list is a collection of three different lists, all of which are related. For more information on the lists click here. That makes entering, searching and analyzing data so much easier. Whether you have two lists or 20, this tool makes it easier to find your data. It's also a great way to organize your lists into categories and search by keywords. For more information, visit the Data Explorer site. Less to type, less to keep track of. Less to write. More to do. less time to get it right. A little more time for fun. And a little less work. For the rest of us, it's a lot of fun to play with. Even the most complicated tasks can be made simple and user friendly. Once you understand how access and databases work, you can make them easier to use. For more information on how to get started with a new app, visit the official website of the company or go to their official blog. Like what you just saw? Share it with your friends. Visit CNN.com/sport and share your photos with iReport. Click here for more photos from CNN Sport.   "Sporting News" is a weekly, offbeat look at sports and entertainment. Rate it. Rate this article. Share it with your friends. Send it to iReport.com for a chance to win a $1,000 gift card to a hotel in the U.S. or a trip for two to the UK. Visit the website for more details. Add a comment. Add a photo of your own to the gallery below. Share your photos and videos with CNN iReport. Follow us on Facebook and Twitter. Back to Mail Online home. Click here for the latest from CNN.com. Visit the CNN home page for more photos. Subscribe to our channel. Follow us on Twitter @CNNOpinion and on Facebook. Read more CNN Opinion articles. Visit our website for the latest news from CNN.com. Back to the page you came from. Click here for all the most recent CNN news. The freedom to learn. The freedom of the mind to think. To be able to make mistakes and learn from them. It is the key to learning and growing. That is what education is all about. And it is also about freedom. For more information, go to www.cnn.com/education. What you want? Tell us what you think. Send us a photo of your dream home. Visit CNN.com/Heroes for a new gallery of images. Share your photos with CNN iReport. Click here for the gallery. Follow CNN Heroes on Facebook and Twitter. When you want. When you need to be. Where you are. Who you're with. What's there to do. How to get there. And when. You want to go. when you can. It's easy. If you don't mind if I'm not. around. Absolutely free. Absolutely free to download. absolutely free for all to use. No registration required.absolutely free, no registration needed for use of this service.AbsolutelyFree.com. Free. To use, please visit: www.free.gov/freedoms. GCF LearnFree.org is a free online learning resource. Visit GCFlearnfree.com to learn more about the organization. For more information on GCf, go to www.GCfLearnFree, or visit GCFAlearnFree online. org. for details on how to join.