The data bases are all around you.  the data base is everywhere. Use the weekly Newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on CNN.com. Today's Daily Discussion includes the following questions and answers. The data base is everywhere you look.  theData Base is Everywhere you Look. The Data Base can be found in every corner of the world. It can also be used to help you understand and connect with the real-life story behind a story.  then you've seen a database in action.  is a way of saying "I don't know what to do"  then you have seen the world's largest database.  is a way of saying "I don't know what to do" World's largest database available to the public for the first time in the UK.  It's called the World's Largest Database and it's available for public access. The database is available in English and can be downloaded from the website here. Microsoft access allows you to manage your own database to suit the needs of your business or maybe the company you work for.  with Microsoft access you can manage Your own Database. You can also use it to help you with your work or your personal life. For more information on how to use Microsoft's database, visit Microsoft.com. You can even create your very own personal database.  you can create a database that can be used to help you with your work. You can also use it to store photos and information about people you have met. For more information on how to use this tool, visit www.cnn.com/2013/09/29/technology/. Microsoft database is available in English and Spanish.  Microsoft database available for use in both English & Spanish languages. Microsoft Database is a free, open-source, free-to-use database. Use the weekly Newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on Microsoft.com.  It can also be used to create a personalised database for you.  is a way of saying "I don't know how to do this"  What exactly is a database? What is the meaning of the word " database"? How do we use it to describe a computer system that stores information? How does it work? It's not that hard to understand, but it can be difficult to explain.  CNN.com takes a look at the latest developments in the world of database technology.  is based on CNN's "Database" series, which looks at how technology is used to help solve problems. The series is also known as "The Power of Three" and "Data Science"  that's how databases work, from the simplest to the most complex.  is a way of saying "I don't know how to do this"  say you're an amateur chef or a baker, or just a good friend of the family.  is a way to say "I don't know how to do this" A simple database because it only contains two lists.  a simple Database.  is a database that is meant to be used to help people understand and understand the world around them. For example, it could be a list of the top 100 people in the U.S. who have been to hell and back. Easy-to-use database with a simple name list.  an easy- to- use database. Simple name lists are a good way to help you understand and use a database in a more efficient way. For more information on how to use this tool, visit www.mysql.com. If you were a professional baker your database would contain more.  If you are not a baker, you don't have a database to show what you have done. For more information on how to use the Daily Discussion to help you understand the world around you, visit http//www.dailymail.co.uk/2013/01/29/news/article-baker-researches-how-to-use-the-daily-news.html.  database is essentially a collection of lists stored in tables. You can build tables in Excel, why access? If a database has a large enough base, you can use Excel to build more tables and lists. For example, a table could have as many as 100,000 rows in it. Why do you need a database at all?.  why do we need to have a Database atall? Why does it matter if we have to use one? What is the point of having aDatabase atAll? I don't know. The databases you'll be working with in access can actually understand how different lists and their contents relate to one another.  the databases are meant to be used to help you understand the world around you. For more information on how to use these tools, visit www.mysql.com.  relational database or its ability to understand relationships and it's really what sets access apart.  we call this a relational Database.  is a way to describe a database that is designed to help people understand and connect with each other.  We call it a 'relational database' and we're talking about a database that can be accessed in a variety of ways.  is a term used to refer to a group of people who share a common goal. For more information on how to use the term, visit www.cnn.com/2013/09/08/Cnn/technology/features/relay.html.  Once you understand how access and databases work, you can make them easier to use.  is a way of saying "I don't know how to do this" You want to go.  You should go to the movies. You want the experience. The movie is called "The Matrix" and is set in the 1980s and 1990s. It is based on the movie "Titanic" by George Lucas.