It's growing Culture and leadership are the two things that make up a successful organization. And leaders need to navigate different cultural contexts make sure everyone understands what you're saying. Talks about cross cultural leadership And he says that culture has a big impact diversity Geert Hofstead created a framework for understanding cultural differences yes Its interesting how those cultural values shape leadership What scene is strong in one culture might be disrespectful It’s the ability to work well in different cultures You have a good sense of humor. It's getting a lot of attention It's good for business. Women are more likely to have a positive impact on society Women are half the workforce, but underrepresented in leadership It's a gap in the definition. Those who are disadvantaged are more likely to be repressed. Yes They're collaborative, empathetic and good at building relationships We need to recognize and value those contributions He says its not about gender, but about skills, experience, and commitment. We need to create a more supportive environment for women leaders. They need to be proactive in identifying and addressing potential threats to their business. Create mentorship programs offer leadership training for women And build a culture that supports women leaders No Yes It leads to better decisions, innovation, and a more engaged workforce They should be willing to work with people of all backgrounds and cultures Yoko is a senior lecturer at the University of Cambridge. Exactly I will Respecting and embracing differences is a key part of fostering an inclusive society. Exactly Yes It's about people. Leadership isn’t a destination. It's a journey It's about constantly learning and adapting Its about embracing the journey Its inspiring to think of leadership as a journey that unfolds throughout our lives And it offers opportunities for growth at every stage Its for anyone who wants to make a difference It is. he is a good man. We need to cultivate our potential in order to be a successful person. Be proactive and intentional about development it s about being true to yourself he shook his head and said, "It's not a question of whether or not we're going to get robbed." Building trust means building relationships. And that's what we're all about. Be present Self-awareness is the ability to recognize and recognize your own strengths and weaknesses. Self-awareness is so important It helps you be authentic and empathetic. This has been a great deep dive Its been insightful I hope so He's a leader in the field. Your Game I think that's a perfect way to transition into one of the most important takeaways from Yuckels Yuckel reminds us that leadership is a about influence, service, and making positive contributions. And Eucl makes leadership less mysterious Its empowering Be proactive and intentional about development I have learned to build authentic relationships with people. And that's what we're all about. Be present Develop your self-awareness Leadership is about self-discovery The more you understand yourself, your strength, weaknesses, values No It helps you be authentic and empathetic. Its been insightful , he has And inspiring I hope so Hes a leader in the field Right Step up It’s inspiring to think of leadership as a journey that unfolds throughout our lives, offering opportunities for growth and impact at every stage I wholeheartedly agree Yuckels book is a powerful reminder that leadership is not about hierarchy or power It’s about influence, service and a commitment to making ... Its about recognizing that leadership opportunities exist everywhere I think that’s one of the things that makes Eucls work so relevant and inspiring he is a sailor, and if you ask him about his life, you'll find out that it's not that bad. one of the most important things we can do to cultivate our leadership potential is to be proactive and intentional about our development I wish I had known how to use a computer. I think one of the most valuable lessons I’ve learned over the years is the importance of building authentic relationships It’s about being present, being attentive, and showing genuine interest in what others have to say Thank you so much for joining us today. And on that note, I think it’s time to wrap up this incredible deep dive It’s a choice to step up, to make the difference, and to inspire others