Artificial intelligence in business is the use of AI tools such as machine learning natural language processing and computer vision to optimize business functions boost employee productivity and drive business value.
Artificial intelligence or the development of computer systems andmachine learningto mimic the problemsolving and decisionmaking capabilities of human intelligence impacts an array of business processes. Organizations useartificial intelligence AIto strengthen data analysis and decisionmaking improvecustomer experiences generate content optimizeIT operations sales marketing andcybersecuritypractices and more. As AI technologies improve and evolve new business applications emerge.
Artificial intelligence is used as a tool to support a human workforce in optimizingworkflowsand making business operations more efficient. These gains are made in various ways including using AI to automate repetitive tasks generate information based on machine learning algorithms quickly process vast amounts of data sets and extract meaningful insights and predict future outcomes based on data analysis. AI systems power several types ofbusiness automation includingenterprise automationand process automation helping to reduce human error and free up human workforces for higherlevel work.
According to McKinsey  Company the use of artificial intelligence in business operations has doubled since 2017.1This is largely because AI technology can be customized to meet an organizations unique needs. 63 of McKinseys respondents expect their investment in AI technologies to increase over the next three years.2To use AI in aneffective business strategy an organization must have a clear understanding of its business functions how AI works and what aspects of the business can be improved through AI implementation.
While the use of AI tools to automate repetitive tasks and increaseemployee productivityremains popular businesses are also moving beyond these use cases and using AI to assist in higherlevel strategic initiatives that help drive broader business value.
Artificial intelligence A brief overview
Artificial intelligence the science and engineering of making intelligent machines especially intelligent computer programs3uses large amounts of data and human knowledge to power computer systems with the ability to categorize data make predictions identify errors have conversations and analyze information in a similar way to humans.
One of the goals of artificial intelligence is to create computer systems that can mimic the critical thinking skills of humans. These systems rely on business data and use technologies like natural language processing NLP machine learning ML and deep learning to facilitate business operations. Integrating AI into business functions requires a baseline understanding of the following components
Machine learning algorithms
These algorithms are a subset of artificial intelligence and are used to make predictions or classifications based on input data. Through training data sets these algorithms can learn to identify patterns discover anomalies or make projections such as future sales revenue.Machine learning algorithmshelp mine large datasets for key insights that can offer realworld benefits for improved business decisions. Machine learning algorithms benefit from labeled data which is data that a human expert categorizes before it is processed.
Deep learning
Deep learningis a subset of machine learning that allows for the automation of tasks without human intervention. Virtual assistantschatbots facial recognition and fraud prevention technology all rely on deep learning. By examining data that is related to user behavior deep learning models can make predictions about future behavior. Compared to general machine learning deep learning models can more accurately extract information from unstructured data such as text and images and do not require as much human intervention.
Natural language processing NLP
Natural language processingis a branch of AI that enables computers and digital devices to recognize understand and generate text and speech.4Customer support chatbots digital assistants and voiceoperated technologies such as GPS systems are all powered by NLP. Used with machine learning algorithms and deep learning models NLP allows systems to extract insights from unstructured data that are text or voicedriven.
Computer vision
Computer visionis a subset of AI that allows computer systems to extract information from digital images videos and other visual inputs.5Computer vision uses both deep learning and machine learning algorithms to learn and identify specific elements of digital imagery. Computer vision is currently applied in several ways and applications are expanding as the technology progresses. For example computer vision can be implemented in production lines to detect minor defects during the manufacturing process.
Integratingenterprisegrade AIcan help free human workforces from repetitive manual tasks improve data analysis business strategy and decisionmaking and optimize processes organizationwide. To do so enterprises must have an infrastructure that properly manages data and supports AI technology. Having a strongdata governanceframework helps keep data available to all relevant stakeholders and secure fromdata breaches.
It also helps promote the use of advanced data analytics. Part of this framework involves a digital transformation and the integration ofhybrid cloudandmulticloudenvironments to help manage large volumes of data. Once these systems are in place an organization can begin mining data for insights and building training models to instruct AI technologies.
AI in business use cases
As new technologies enter the market and existing ones improve the possible applications of artificial intelligence in business grow more numerous. The benefits of AI vary and require the integration of technologies and human workforces to improve operational efficiency and drive business value.
Some examples that demonstrate theuse of artificial intelligence in businessinclude
IT operations
AIOpsartificial intelligence for IT operationsconsists of the practice of using AI machine learning and natural language processing models to streamline IT operations and service management. AIOps allows IT teams to quickly sift through large amounts of data and reduce the amount of time it takes to detect anomalies troubleshoot errors and monitor the performance of IT systems. Artificial intelligence helps IT teams achieve greaterobservabilityand provides realtime insights into operations.
Marketing and sales
Customer data helps marketing teamsdevelop marketing strategiesby identify trends and spending patterns. Artificial intelligence tools help process these big data sets to forecast future spending trends and conduct competitor analysis. This helps an organization gain a deeper understanding of its place in the market.

AI tools allow for marketing segmentation a strategy that uses data to tailor marketing campaigns to specific customers based on their interests. Sales teams can use this same data to make product recommendations based on customer analytics.
Customer service
AI enables businesses to provide 247customer serviceand faster response times which help improve the customer experience. AIpowered chatbots can help customers resolve simple queries without requiring a human agent. This ability allows the human customer service workforce to address more complex issues.
McKinsey reported savings of USD 80 million for a South American telecommunications company that used conversational AI to prioritize highervalue clients.6Powerful conversational AI tools such asIBM watsonx Assistanthelp chatbots overcome some of the pain points of earlier models which were unable to handle many customer questions.
Content generation
Generative AI GenAIis a growing field that helps organizations optimize content creation. Tools such as ChatGPT provide content teams with powerful tools to create original content. These tools can generate images or text based on input prompts and designers writers and content leads can use these generative AI outputs to help with brainstorming outlining and other project tasks. Gartner estimates that by 2025 generative AI will be used to create 30 of outbound marketing content up from 2 in 2022.7Generative tools such asIBM watsonx Code Assistantcan help developers bygenerating code.
While AI content generation is still largely unregulated human employees should monitor the use of AI in generating content to prevent copyright infringement the publication of misinformation or other unethical business practices.
Cybersecurity
Artificial intelligence tools can be used to improvenetwork securityanomaly detection fraud detection and help prevent data breaches. The increased use of technology in the workplace creates greater opportunities for security breaches to thwart threats and protect organizational and customer data organizations must be proactive in detecting anomalies. For example deep learning models can be used to examine large sets of network traffic data and identify behavior that might signal an attempted attack on the network.
Data breaches can be costly and erode customer trust. TheIBM Cost of a Data Breach Report 2023indicates that the average savings for organizations that use security AI and automation extensively is USD 1.76 million compared to organizations that dont.
Supply chain management
The application of AI insupply chain managementcomes in the form ofpredictive analyticswhich helps forecast future pricing of shipping and material costs. Predictive analytics also helps organizations maintain appropriate levels of inventory. This reduces bottlenecks or the overstocking of products.
AI technologies are rapidly evolving and their use is expanding to meet a wider variety of business needs and strategies. New technologies and the innovation of business leaders will dictate the future of AIunderstanding how AI fits into your business model is key to maintaining a competitive edge.

What is Reinforcement Learning
Say we have an agent in an unknown environment and this agent can obtain some rewards by interacting with the environment. The agent ought to take actions so as to maximize cumulative rewards. In reality the scenario could be a bot playing a game to achieve high scores or a robot trying to complete physical tasks with physical items and not just limited to these
The goal of Reinforcement Learning RL is to learn a good strategy for the agent from experimental trials and relative simple feedback received. With the optimal strategy the agent is capable to actively adapt to the environment to maximize future rewards.
Key Concepts
Now Lets formally define a set of key concepts in RL.
The agent is acting in anenvironment. How the environment reacts to certain actions is defined by amodelwhich we may or may not know. The agent can stay in one of manystatessS of the environment and choose to take one of manyactionsaA to switch from one state to another. Which state the agent will arrive in is decided by transition probabilities between states P. Once an action is taken the environment delivers arewardrR as feedback.
The model defines the reward function and transition probabilities. We may or may not know how the model works and this differentiate two circumstances
Know the model planning with perfect information do modelbased RL. When we fully know the environment we can find the optimal solution byDynamic ProgrammingDP. Do you still remember longest increasing subsequence or traveling salesmen problem from your Algorithms 101 class LOL. This is not the focus of this post though.
Does not know the model learning with incomplete information do modelfree RL or try to learn the model explicitly as part of the algorithm. Most of the following content serves the scenarios when the model is unknown.
The agentspolicysprovides the guideline on what is the optimal action to take in a certain state withthe goal to maximize the total rewards. Each state is associated with avaluefunctionVspredicting the expected amount of future rewards we are able to receive in this state by acting the corresponding policy. In other words the value function quantifies how good a state is. Both policy and value functions are what we try to learn in reinforcement learning.
Fig. 2. Summary of approaches in RL based on whether we want to model the value policy or the environment. Image source reproduced from David Silvers RL courselecture 1.
The interaction between the agent and the environment involves a sequence of actions and observed rewards in timet12T. During the process the agent accumulates the knowledge about the environment learns the optimal policy and makes decisions on which action to take next so as to efficiently learn the best policy. Lets label the state action and reward at time step t asStAt andRt respectively. Thus the interaction sequence is fully described by oneepisodealso known as trial or trajectory and the sequence ends at the terminal stateST
S1A1R2S2A2ST
Terms you will encounter a lot when diving into different categories of RL algorithms
Modelbased Rely on the model of the environment either the model is known or the algorithm learns it explicitly.
Modelfree No dependency on the model during learning.
Onpolicy Use the deterministic outcomes or samples from the target policy to train the algorithm.
Offpolicy Training on a distribution of transitions or episodes produced by a different behavior policy rather than that produced by the target policy.
Model Transition and Reward
The model is a descriptor of the environment. With the model we can learn or infer how the environment would interact with and provide feedback to the agent. The model has two major parts transition probability functionPand reward functionR.
Lets say when we are in state s we decide to take action a to arrive in the next state s and obtain reward r. This is known as onetransitionstep represented by a tuple s a s r.
The transition function P records the probability of transitioning from state s to s after taking action a while obtaining reward r. We usePas a symbol of probability.
PsrsaPSt1sRt1rStsAta
Thus the statetransition function can be defined as a function ofPsrsa
PssaPssaPSt1sStsAtarRPsrsa
The reward function R predicts the next reward triggered by one action
RsaERt1StsAtarRrsSPsrsa
Policy
Policy as the agents behavior function tells us which action to take in state s. It is a mapping from state s to action a and can be either deterministic or stochastic
Deterministicsa.
StochasticasPAaSs.
Value Function
Value function measures the goodness of a state or how rewarding a state or an action is by a prediction of future reward. The future reward also known asreturn is a total sum of discounted rewards going forward. Lets compute the returnGtstarting from time t
GtRt1Rt2k0kRtk1
The discounting factor01penalize the rewards in the future because
The future rewards may have higher uncertainty i.e. stock market.
The future rewards do not provide immediate benefits i.e. As human beings we might prefer to have fun today rather than 5 years later .
Discounting provides mathematical convenience i.e. we dont need to track future steps forever to compute return.
We dont need to worry about the infinite loops in the state transition graph.
Thestatevalueof a state s is the expected return if we are in this state at time tSts
VsEGtSts
Similarly we define theactionvalueQvalue Q as Quality I believe of a stateaction pair as
QsaEGtStsAta
Additionally since we follow the target policy we can make use of the probility distribution over possible actions and the Qvalues to recover the statevalue
VsaAQsaas
The difference between actionvalue and statevalue is the actionadvantagefunction Avalue
AsaQsaVs
Markov Decision Processes
In more formal terms almost all the RL problems can be framed asMarkov Decision ProcessesMDPs. All states in MDP has Markov property referring to the fact that the future only depends on the current state not the history
PSt1StPSt1S1St
Or in other words the future and the past areconditionally independentgiven the present as the current state encapsulates all the statistics we need to decide the future.
Fig. 3. The agentenvironment interaction in a Markov decision process. Image source Sec. 3.1 Sutton  Barto 2017.
A Markov deicison process consists of five elementsMSAPR where the symbols carry the same meanings as key concepts in theprevioussection well aligned with RL problem settings
S a set of states
A a set of actions
P transition probability function
R reward function
 discounting factor for future rewards. In an unknown environment we do not have perfect knowledge aboutPandR.
Fig. 4. A fun example of Markov decision process a typical work day. Image sourcerandomant.netreinforcementlearningconcepts
Bellman Equations
Bellman equations refer to a set of equations that decompose the value function into the immediate reward plus the discounted future values.
VsEGtStsERt1Rt22Rt3StsERt1Rt2Rt3StsERt1Gt1StsERt1VSt1Sts
Similarly for Qvalue
QsaERt1VSt1StsAtaERt1EaQSt1aStsAta
Bellman Expectation Equations
The recursive update process can be further decomposed to be equations built on both statevalue and actionvalue functions. As we go further in future action steps we extend V and Q alternatively by following the policy.
Fig. 5. Illustration of how Bellman expection equations update statevalue and actionvalue functions.
VsaAasQsaQsaRsasSPssaVsVsaAasRsasSPssaVsQsaRsasSPssaaAasQsa
Bellman Optimality Equations
If we are only interested in the optimal values rather than computing the expectation following a policy we could jump right into the maximum returns during the alternative updates without using a policy. RECAP the optimal valuesVandQare the best returns we can obtain definedhere.
VsmaxaAQsaQsaRsasSPssaVsVsmaxaARsasSPssaVsQsaRsasSPssamaxaAQsa
Unsurprisingly they look very similar to Bellman expectation equations.
If we have complete information of the environment this turns into a planning problem solvable by DP. Unfortunately in most scenarios we do not knowPssaorRsa so we cannot solve MDPs by directly applying Bellmen equations but it lays the theoretical foundation for many RL algorithms.
Common Approaches
Now it is the time to go through the major approaches and classic algorithms for solving RL problems. In future posts I plan to dive into each approach further.
Dynamic Programming
When the model is fully known following Bellman equations we can useDynamic ProgrammingDP to iteratively evaluate value functions and improve policy.
TemporalDifference Learning
Similar to MonteCarlo methods TemporalDifference TD Learning is modelfree and learns from episodes of experience. However TD learning can learn fromincompleteepisodes and hence we dont need to track the episode up to termination. TD learning is so important that Sutton  Barto 2017 in their RL book describes it as one idea  central and novel to reinforcement learning.
Known Problems
ExplorationExploitation Dilemma
The problem of exploration vs exploitation dilemma has been discussed in my previouspost. When the RL problem faces an unknown environment this issue is especially a key to finding a good solution without enough exploration we cannot learn the environment well enough without enough exploitation we cannot complete our reward optimization task.
Different RL algorithms balance between exploration and exploitation in different ways. InMCmethodsQlearningor many onpolicy algorithms the exploration is commonly implemented bygreedy InES the exploration is captured by the policy parameter perturbation. Please keep this into consideration when developing a new RL algorithm.
Deadly Triad Issue
We do seek the efficiency and flexibility of TD methods that involve bootstrapping. However when offpolicy nonlinear function approximation and bootstrapping are combined in one RL algorithm the training could be unstable and hard to converge. This issue is known as thedeadly triadSutton  Barto 2017. Many architectures using deep learning models were proposed to resolve the problem including DQN to stabilize the training with experience replay and occasionally frozen target network.
Case Study AlphaGo Zero
The game ofGohas been an extremely hard problem in the field of Artificial Intelligence for decades until recent years. AlphaGo and AlphaGo Zero are two programs developed by a team at DeepMind. Both involve deep Convolutional Neural Networks CNN and Monte Carlo Tree Search MCTS and both have been approved to achieve the level of professional human Go players. Different from AlphaGo that relied on supervised learning from expert human moves AlphaGo Zero used only reinforcement learning and selfplay without human knowledge beyond the basic rules.
Fig. 10. The board of Go. Two players play black and white stones alternatively on the vacant intersections of a board with 19 x 19 lines. A group of stones must have at least one open point an intersection called a liberty to remain on the board and must have at least two or more enclosed liberties called eyes to stay alive. No stone shall repeat a previous position.
With all the knowledge of RL above lets take a look at how AlphaGo Zero works. The main component is a deepCNNover the game board configuration precisely aResNetwith batch normalization and ReLU. This network outputs two values
